♪♪♪
♪ Come gather 'round, people
wherever you roam ♪
♪ And admit that the waters
around you have grown ♪
♪ And accept it that soon
you'll be drenched to the bone ♪
♪ If your time to you is
worth savin' ♪
♪ And you better start swimmin'
or you'll sink like a stone ♪
♪ For the times
they are a-changin' ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Come writers and critics
who prophesize with your pen ♪
♪ And keep your eyes wide
the chance won't come again ♪
♪ And don't speak too soon
for the wheel's still in spin ♪
♪ And there's no tellin'
who that it's namin' ♪
♪ For the loser now
will be later to win ♪
♪ For the times
they are a-changin' ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Come senators, congressmen
Please heed the call ♪
♪ Don't stand in the doorway
Don't block up the hall ♪
♪ For he that gets hurt
will be he who has stalled ♪
♪ The battle outside ragin' ♪
♪ Will soon shake your windows
and rattle your walls ♪
♪ For the times
they are a-changin' ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Come mothers and fathers
throughout the land ♪
♪ And don't criticize
what you can't understand ♪
♪ Your sons and your daughters
are beyond your command ♪
♪ Your old road
is rapidly agin' ♪
♪ Please get out of the new one
If you can't lend your hand ♪
♪ For the times
they are a-changin' ♪
♪♪♪
♪ The line it is drawn
The curse it is cast ♪
♪ The slow one now
will later be fast ♪
♪ As the present now
will later be past ♪
♪ The order is rapidly fadin' ♪
♪ And the first one now
will later be last ♪
♪ For the times
they are a-changin' ♪
♪♪♪